DOC-3376 git lfs in CI (#2584)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration/gitlfs.md

For example, this step installs Git LFS 3.3.0 on Debian:

```yaml
              - step:
                  type: Run
                  name: install gitlfs
                  identifier: install_gitlfs
                  spec:
                    connectorRef: account.harnessImage ## Specify a container registry connector, if required.
                    image: curlimages/curl:latest ## Specify an image, if required.
                    shell: Sh
                    command: |- ## Use commands for your platform.
                      curl -s https://packagecloud.io/install/repositories/github/git-lfs/script.deb.sh | sudo bash
                      sudo apt-get install git-lfs=3.3.0
```

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

## Run git lfs commands

These examples show how to use a **Run** step to run `git lfs clone`.

> `git lfs clone` commands are formatted as `git lfs clone [git clone options] <repository> [<directory>]`. It supports the same options as `git clone`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`git lfs clone` commands are formatted as `git lfs clone [git clone options] <repository> [<directory>]`. This command format supports the same options as `git clone`.
```
